Sage bad force
I, Zhao Ruoyan, am the great elder of Qizong in Shushan
Never marry your father
Demon Sect
Today, I am in danger of your Demon Sect's public policy
It's fun to treat people
How am I good for you?
Then I will let you be ordered by Shushan Qizong
Excuse me, I am the Sword Emperor you leaned over a thousand years ago
I live for a thousand years
Merit is still more than a thousand years ago
Now the Demon Sect bowes down
How can I not become the ruler of the world?
qingyun
You mutilated Ke Qing in the Shushan Qi and colluded with the Demon Sect
He actually called himself the Sword Emperor of Shushan
If you have the ability, you will kill us all
Qingyun Demon Sect and Shushan have been at odds for thousands of years
Even the true Shushan Sword Emperor
Thousands of years ago, you could only make a move and follow me
Don't be my emperor
This is the real Shushan Sword Emperor